# Notes
This was a fun one!  it was also very long.
A few notes:
## ReidList
I didn't comment this class much, but I included some docstrings where necesary.  It's pretty simple, just a bunch of methods for math stuff with lists, and a few utility functions.  One quirk of ReidList is that you can do ```ReidList * value```, but not ```value * ReidList```.  This is because the definition of python datatypes does not include instructions for how to interact with reidLists but reidLists do include instructions for how to interact with values.

One major problem I encountered while using ReidLists was their speed.  Because it's based on eval and lots of nested loops and lots of unoptimized algorithms, it's not exactly fast.  I thought about creating a new ReidList class that was based around the idea of a linked list, with each element being a Node object and containing some sort of high-level analog to a pointer to the next node.  This way, I could iterate through the list with a similar speed, but without having dynamically named variables or eval().  Accessing elements would most likely be faster too, even though I would have to iterate through the list to get to the desired element, because of how slow eval is.  Another benefit of the linked reid list would be that I could use numba or similar to speed it up, because it just relies of loops and accessing variables.  Numba/njit doesn't support eval() or exec().  But alas, my time is limited, and my english essay also needs to get done.  So I didn't get around to doing this.

## The animation thing
I didn't get very far into this, as I ran into the speed roadblock inherent in reidLists.  I couldn't use numba to speed up any functions, either, because they all relied on eval().  I've included a video of animationTesting.py rotating a cube around [1,1,1], because for some reason, on my mac, if I set autoflush to False (the only way I've been able to get semi-smooth animations), nothing is drawn.  The video was taken on my PC, where the code works for some reason.   But when I took the video, I hadn't implemented _getAxisAngle, so I don't have a video of that working. animationTesting.py in its current form will use _getAxisAngle, but it isn't internally implemented into the Cube class, and I have placed waits between each frame.  But it does work!  The included video is about as fast as I could make it run; there's not sleep() between the frames.  This was the reason I ultimately wasn't able to implement it into the game.  It was just too slow. I beleive that if I could use numpy (and numba if necesary), it would be fast enough to be implemented.

## Other notes
1. I didn't implement activate() and deactivate() for the buttons, but you can always click them and if they aren't supposed to be able to be clicked, they won't do anything.  I think this is fine, because it's the same effect as activate() and deactivate(), and because of encapsulation, the user shouldn't have to worry about how the class is implemented, right?
2. Please excuse the naming of the classes/functions in Die.py.  I think this is justified for obvious reasons.
3. main.py is the main file I used to develop. I don't know why I'm keeping it, but it's here.  The only changes I made when making Yahtzee.py were commenting and removing functions (namely score() and getDone())
4. I've begun using git to keep track of all my stuff for this class.  I tell myself it's because I like the ability to revert, and ability to organize stuff based on branches, but in reality it's because I ran out of space in dropbox for syncing my code between my mac and desktop.  Anyway, here it is: https://github.com/reid23/HCS.  I figured that it might be nice for you to have that if I forget to add something or if it's necessary at some point or something. Besides, it can't hurt to have access, right?
5. [random thing] I found a super cool extension for vscode!  it's called Python Docstring Generator, and it generates the format for your docstrings based on your method/function's parameters and what's returned.  You can enter the info, and tab to the next field, and enter the info there.  It really helped speed up the commenting process.
6. ignore spinnyDye.  I was initially testing animation there, but decided to move to a separate file and just test the spinning part and not the dye part.  But I figured that it couldn't hurt to include it in the upload.